---------------- README file for CITS3002 project -----------------------------

Use the Makefile to compile the program. If this doesnt work, the file 
basic_server_select.c can be used instead. This will only work for >1 clients
as it will try to immediatly send a "VICT" package to the client. 
basic_server_single_client.c has been included as an exanple of only 1 client
playing but it DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY OTHER FUNCTIONALITY. As this is a battle
royale game, it doesn't really make sense for only 1 player to play anyway.

Currently, we have a debugging variable turned on. This slows down the server
and allows for testing of clients trying to join mid game or disconnecting
clients. To turn this off, set debug = false; in the main function. This will
also limit the output of print functions in the server.

In our implementation, the number of players the server would wait for is 
specified in the header file. After 30 seconds, if the specified number of
players has not joined (i.e. NO_OF_CLIENTS = 4), it will shut down. If they 
have joined, the game will start immediatly.

The number of lives (NO_OF_LIVES) is defined in the header file and is 
currently set to 5.

Select has been used to timeout clients making a move in the play_round 
function. Move timeout result in the client losing a life and is 
sent “FAIL” as per the LMS updates.

Cheating has been defined as any client that sends a packet that contains 
more than 14 characters. If a client is caught doing this then they are 
immediately eliminated from the game. 

Incorretly formed packets are intepreted to be mixed up packets,
i.e. 001,MOV,ODD being sent as ODD,MOV,001. 
The server will handle this by identifying the first instance of one of the
valid moves. If the server doesnt recognise any of the packets but it is
the correct length, the player will only loose a life and will receive "FAIL".

Clients leaving mid game can be detected by checking the return value of recv 
in the play_round function. A value less than or equal to 0 tells the server 
that the client is no longer present and the server sets the life for this 
client as -2

